in this video I am going to convince you
that all the like that exists to the on
planet earth has evolved just to make it
clear from the start i am not going to
deny the existence of a supernatural
theory during this video this video is
intended to prove that natural selection
is the main driving force of evolution
therefore every living species today is
the result of simple non random
processes not the creation of a god
charles darwin published his book the
Origin of Species in 1859 when he
explained the first time in human
history our natural and artificial
selection can change the characteristics
of a species artificial selection is the
idea that animal and vegetable eating
from generation to generation will
eventually end up in changing the
characteristics of that animal or plant
this idea was well understood even in
Darwin's time people knew that dogs were
obtained from wolves that you can breed
horses for power endurance or speed some
people also understood that cabbages and
other vegetables were artificially
selected from wild plants the problem
arose when Darwin tried to explain that
there is a similar selection process
driven not by man nor an intelligent
being but by nature alone as well as
farmers select some individuals from a
horse population for power endurance or
speed nature selects individuals that
are more likely to survive in an
ever-changing environment what Darwin
and the farmers in his days did not
understand was how this changes really
occur later studies revealed that DNA is
responsible for every single
characteristics we inherit from our
ancestors
na is composed of A's C's GS and T's
every DNA sequence has a role in our
body for example this sequence could be
the color of your skin when we reproduce
DNA copies itself to form new cells but
there are cases when errors occur and
the copy is not perfect these errors are
called genetic mutations most of the
time mutations are random and most of
them constitute a disadvantage to the
affected individual but there are also
cases in which these mutations are
beneficial and end up in changing the
whole species not only the affected
individual let's take an example
consider a population a composed by red
color or before individuals this
population lives in the grass there is a
second be carnivore population which
feeds with individuals from population a
every fifth generation the new bones
from category A will acquire mutations
5% of these mutations will affect the
color of the individual and ten percent
of these mutations will make the
individual to be green not red the ones
born with a mutation which changes their
color from red to green will have a
better chance of survival on the grass
because they won't be seen and eaten by
population be therefore they will live
more than the other members of their
population the red ones and will
reproduce more times during their life
producing more offspring during more
hundreds of generations the dominant
color amongst this population will
become green if we go through even more
generations we see an even more
interesting thing the population be will
go extinct I think there is no question
why of course in reality population we
will evolve to and other things can
happen resulting from the struggle to
survive like an evolutionary arms race
subject which I'm going to cover in
another
yo we saw how the favorable genetic
mutations through natural selection
determine species a to change its
members color we say that species a
adapted to the environment or the green
color grass through evolution let's
change the hypothesis a little bit let's
suppose health of the initial read a
population migrated in the desert and
the other health remained on the grass
the health on the grass will become
green bee health on the sand will become
yellow therefore will be able to assert
that there is no longer population a
instead there is a population green and
the population yellow people often ask
if we evolved from monkeys why there are
still monkeys today because we didn't
evolved from monkeys we and modern Apes
share a common ancestor some of them
evolved into modern monkeys some of them
into humans chimps are our cousins not
ancestors in my next video I will show
you the evidence for evolution